Fold : 0
A bit of self care and indulgence for when you want to relax and de-stress and if you don't want to go to the bar but have another option.
polaroid, polaroid, polaroid, polaroid
karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room, karaoke room
, sand, ice cream, fried cheesecake, stuffed flounder, stuffed flounder, stuffed cheesecake, fried cheesecake, stuffed flounder, stuffed flounder, stuffed cheesecake, fried cheesecake, fried cheesecake, fried cheesecake, stuffed flounder, stuffed flounder, stuffed cheesecake, fried cheesecake, fried cheesecake, fried cheesecake, stuffed flounder, stuffed flounder, stuffed flounder, stuffed
<extra_id_1> Circle City Pizza is our #2 choice for pizza after Jockamo.
book teaching Italian
0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments 0 Comments
keet paradise
<extra_id_1> Casinos are just lame. Ate at the "International Buffet", which was pretty standard. ALthough...they did have real horseradish for the prime rib....nice bonus.
wifi, ping pong table, shuffle board, ping pong table, desserts, beers
games, board games, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer, beer,
Fold : 1
/gift shop at either entrances of this wonderful former planetarium
museum, Clydesdales horses
oiera/zumba studio
off lottery machine, computer nascar style racing and computer football
music, lounge area with sofas
therapeutic sketching at every table, and if good your sketch will be on the wall!
Sol Luna, drag show, karaoke night, QuizO, hypnosis show, drag show, karaoke night, karaoke night, all of the staff are friendly as well.
artists, personalized Carmel sportswear and greeting cards for birthdays or anniversary gifts.
size beer pong, pool table, arcade games
man's Warf, Channelside
site medium, bruja, witch, warlock, or spiritual medium
Fold : 2
gators, pond/bayou partition, airboat ride
event--a Circus type thing or more like a Carnival with a real side show--I got to pet an alligator, hold an anaconda and see a guy breathe fire and walk on glass!
and floor games inside - Jenga and big Connect 4 - but the real ambiance and fun is out on the patio. The patio is covered with sand, the tables have beach umbrellas, and there is also a room for beach volleyball or badminton.
trampoline
ly Community Acupuncture
calendar, jokes aside, I think Wasabi2 has some of the best, reasonably priced sushi/sashimi around. The employee who answers the phone every time I order is so freaking friendly, I address him by his first name when I go pick up my food.
night, trivia night, fireworks
floors, photo booth, Penns Landing fireworks
garden, hummingbirds and songbirds
, cider, yoga, tattoos, henna artist
movies projected on the brick, henna tattoo artist, fortune teller
Fold : 3
, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl, shawl
, art, gift shop, meetup group
program, at-risk youth training, meal sponsorship program
tickets/ scratchers, boba
ponchos, tour
, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforced footwear policy, strict enforce
studio, women of the program, journals, gift tags, etc.
machine, watercolors, Philly area, done by a local artist, on the walls
, et al.
oeing, kayaking, view
stops, pokestops
Fold : 4
Burger Car, souvenir T-shirts, hats, my fianc had to get himself a "HI AF" shirt
fee, cat petting zoo, Stray Cat Alliance
Greyhound Rescue event
tting zoo
area of plants for sale, cute indoor store, beautiful pots, candles, terrariums
own skating company, awesome skateboard deck
, professional babysitting service
puppets, animals, cool place and PERFECT for the familyThis cool place and PERFECT for the familyThis cool place and PERFECT for the familyThis cool place and PERFECT for the familyThis cool place and PERFECT for the familyThis cool place and PERFECT for the familyThis cool place and PERFECT for the familyThis cool place and PERFECT for the familyThis cool place and PERFECT for the familyThis cool place and PERFECT
to tutor you how to eat or order, there is a video to tutor you how to eat or order,
, hikes, activities, flying V Bar and Grill-offers a delightful respite from Tucson's record breaking heat.
books, "Basics of Mechanical Engineering" A Guide on Planetary Leadership
Fold : 5
playroom
book of Italy tourist spots, each table has a guidebook of Italy tourist spots, each table has a guidebook of Italy tourist spots, each table has a guidebook of Italy tourist spots, each table has a guidebook of Italy tourist spots, each table has a guidebook of Italy tourist spots, each table has a guidebook of Italy tourist spots, each table has a guidebook of Italy tourist spots, each table has a guidebook of Italy tourist spots, each table has a guidebook of Italy
comic, free kiddo a free comic
-up comic
ifi, community scarf/blanket project
, but one thing that really turned us off from our meal was the huge cockroach we saw scampering up the wall less than 1 foot away from us about 15 minutes before we were about to leave.. I'd probablyyyyyyy come back (ack! I'm saying this very hesitantly).. but not before they fix some major issues: bugs and portion standardization.
wildlife, anarchists, hackers, organic gardeners, activists
, open kitchen, commander's palace, red wine collection, cellar room, native birds of Louisiana, hand-carved wooden replicas of native birds, electric chandeliers, each worth $10,000, with lights that flicker and move as if they were candle flames
wifi, bags of coffee grounds
, but a RAT, yes, a rat, scampered across the floor into the bar area
acocks, public dock
Fold : 6
lands, Goose Creek Park
tour de bier, history lesson, explanation of notes
DD, Food Network
sounding band, female vocalist
St. Holmes, rythm guitar, blues
bathers, beach side, self seated high top, beautiful waves crashing on the shore, kite surfers and jet powered surfboard surfers cruise the water
area, paddle cruise
, manatee
dy 500 photos, collectibles
nightclub, secluded VIP area, dancefloor, bouncers
.......................................................
Fold : 7
(leave a comment below).
, a vote, a vote, a comment, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a debate, a
taco taco tuesday
, Zeppelin's service, a nice ambiance, a nice drink, dinner and dessert items, a nice location, plenty of parking, a great drink, dinner and dessert items, and all of the staff members we engaged with were wonderful! WRAP UPI would come here again for sure! I'm a MidTown/Downtown girl, so Zeppelin is a trek for me. There is plenty of parking so you don't need to worry about that.
, a small mimosa, traditional American breakfast and traditional Mexican food, great for breakfast brunch lunch and dinner.
. Chinatown, Chinatown, Chinatown, Chinatown, this place was an overpriced, hipster white washed version of good ramen.
, but not much to say because it is simple. Smash burger, add American Cheese, put on a bun, lettuce tomato, eat. Seriously the best tasting burger in the Indy area. I am addicted to the French Onion Sauce and the plastic cheese sauce drenching crinkle cut fries. I am not surprised that this is one of the best burgers I have ever had since it came from the same chef who introduced me to the peanut butter, mayo and pickle sandwich (maybe
. New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal, New Deal
, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris staff, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris experience, Ruth Chris
, a budget, a children's menu, dragon balls, nigiri, jerky, ribs, seeds, kinks
, ad nay, ad nay, ad nay, ad nay, ad nay, ad nay, ad nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay,
Fold : 8
, ad l'ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre d'une ombre
. Yummiest Mexican food at a very reasonable price, complimentary chips and salsa are really good, as well as their complimentary dessert churros- it's a very nice touch. Go for happy hour- the appetizers are great and make for a wonderful tapas meal- don't expect to get rice and beans with each plate- the last few times I've gone there was a small bowl of rice to share for all of the entrees- don't expect to get rice and beans
, ad na<unk> vetés, ad na<unk> vetés, ad na<unk> vetés, ad na<unk> vetés, ad na<unk> vetés, ad na<unk> vetés, ad na<unk> vetés, ad na<unk> vetés, ad na<unk> vetés, ad na<unk> vetés
. The Yearly Membership goes for $100 and gets you two pretty awesome deal's. First you get your own personalized mug with the name of your choice. But the truly epic reason to get a membership is the fact that domestic beers cost you $1, and Imports cost you $2 every single time that you attend. $250 gets you a lifetime membership with the same deal, and your name engraved on a plaque that goes on their wall.
. The Farm & Fisherman, a great night, from the food to the service to the restaurant itself, it was pretty flawless. Judy was our server and she was awesome. She knew the menu inside and out and had a real appreciation for food. Josh Lawler does some really incredible things with seasonal ingredients. This was our second visit to this restaurant. The first was nearly a year ago, after they first opened. I have to admit, I am really looking forward to my next meal at The Farm & Fisherman.
. Shrimp sweet basil, condensed milk, condensed milk, red snapper
. The White Heron, tea adventures, a good friend, The White Heron
, but I'll try my best:Braised beef noodle soup, and really helped my hangover :) The noodles were cooked al dente and had a good beef flavor. The noodles were cooked al dente and had a good beef flavor, and had a good beef flavor. Tomato with scrambled egg: this tasted too watery and didn't have enough flavor for me, but I just don't like the idea of something savory with pickled veggies, but I
. bahn mi sandwiches, around $3.50 each, so I assumed they would be small and got two my first time around $3.50 each, so I assumed they would be small and got two my first time around $3.50 each, so I assumed they would be small and got two my first time around $3.50 each, so I assumed they would be super cheap, around $3.50 each, so I assumed they would be small and got two my first time around $3.50 each. Subway this isn't,
, Si Charro Steak. Then heated and enjoyed at home surrounded by our small family on this out of sorts Thanksgiving dinner - conceived and cooked at Charro Steak. Then heated and enjoyed at home surrounded by our small family on this out of sorts Thanksgiving dinner.
. Boil Seafood House, Magazine St., manager on duty, crawfish, pound, that tells me it looks like a pound, that tells me she doesn't know and wasn't trying to accommodate my complaint. Boil Seafood House, Magazine St., manager on duty, crawfish, crawfish, pound, that tells me she doesn't know, wasn't trying to accommodate my complaint.
Fold : 9
, a group of people, appeared after a long day of searching for answers.............................................
. Jones, a few years ago, I remember loving Jones, especially their mac and cheese and chicken and waffles. I loved how they had so many comfort food dishes, like their chicken pot pie and thanksgiving dish. Unfortunately, this time I went back to Jones, I was pretty disappointed. I feel like the quality, taste, and presentation of a lot of the food has declined significantly. I was also unimpressed with the fact that I ordered a cocktail and my glass came back only filled up half-way with the
, but a lil pricy, lil artisans know whats up I asked for peanut butter - they DELIVERED Some honey on top?? DELIVERED P<unk> e<unk> r<unk> f<unk> e<unk> c<unk> t<unk> i<unk> o<unk> n (also- its a HUGE portion) Keep up the awesome work!
. The management should seriously learn from Disneyland and put out a sign about how long the wait it takes to put a name in to wait another 90 minutes. 45 minutes to put a name in to wait another 90 minutes we would have left along time ago.
(leave a comment)
(leave a comment)
, but a rude staff member working there, I am new in town so I don't know about drive thru policies. When I went there after waiting for God knows how much I got the most unprofessional conversation with an old staff member. When I went there after waiting for God knows how much I got the most unprofessional conversation with an old staff member. I would not be mad if he just said "I'm sorry we don't serve those on bicycles," but that was not the case.
, Great Clips, Yelp, Great Clips, parking
walk, view of the river walk
<extra_id_1> HORRIBLE customer service, issues from the second we walked in. Boys cooking the burgers were too busy watching and talking about a sport on their phones to realize we were standing at the counter. I walk up to get a side of mayo after we got our order, the kid makes the side of mayo, sets it on the counter and continues to talk for literally three minutes while I stood there watching him and the two other employees talk about the sport they were watching AGAIN. I manage a restaurant that
, leisurely sunday brunch, Gypsy Saloon, dollar unlimited beverage brunch! bffski and I had a very rare leisurely sunday brunch here around noon thirty. Our waitress was super dull and super basic. Not that she was UNfriendly or UNhelpful, just a bit uncaring. Meh. Unless you are on a diet, like we were pretending not to be on that day. Our main courses were pretty decent, and I liked the potatoes.
